‪[gentle music playing]
‪["5 Alarm" playing]
‪[Menzi chuckles]
‪[Joyce] And then?
‪What in the world have your kids done now?
‪You know what? I'm going to kill someone.
‪[partygoers chattering. laughing]
‪[partygoer whistling]
‪[Mpume coughing]
‪[peaceful music playing]
‪-[dogs barking]
‪-[crickets chirping]
‪[suspenseful music playing]
‪-[Jonasi] Lindani.
‪-[gasps]
‪[stammers] Mr. Gomora.
‪Are you drinking my liquor?
‪I was. uh…
‪[exhales. stammers]
‪I was struggling to sleep.
‪So I needed a little something
‪to help me sleep.
‪I'm… I'm sorry.
‪I'm sorry.
‪Oh.
‪Hmm.
‪This whiskey
‪will definitely do that.
‪It will actually help you
‪get some good sleep.
‪I've got some real good stuff in my study.
‪Come.
‪A beautiful bottle like this.
‪of this caliber.
‪needs you to relax and be comfortable.
‪Twenty-five years in the barrel.
‪And it was produced in France.
‪[chuckles]
‪Mmm.
‪-[coughs]
‪-Whoa. Slowly. Relax.
‪-Are you all right?
‪-It burns.
‪-[chuckles]
‪-[grunts]
‪Yes.
‪Here. have some more.
‪Slowly.
‪Hold it right there.
‪Now swirl it around your mouth.
‪Give it some tongue.
‪Now swallow.
‪Hmm?
‪It feels a little smoother now.
‪It's smoother.
‪-Yes.
‪-There we go.
‪You let me know if you want another round.
‪Please put it in again.
‪Huh?
‪Please put it in.
‪-Put it in?
‪-Yes. please.
‪No.
‪You don't put it in.
‪It's poured.
‪[thrilling music playing]
‪[house music playing]
‪Wow. where have you been?
‪I was at Mpume's.
‪You better just be from Mpume's house.
‪Listen. I don't want a baby
‪after nine months
‪going wah-wah in my house. Do you hear me?
‪There won't be any baby.
‪I'm not feeding
‪any bastard child in my house.
‪[Lindani] I heard you. Mom.
‪No one is getting pregnant.
‪[Dolly] Good.
‪[phone chimes]
‪[sighs]
‪[Lindani] Hello.
‪[Jonasi] Hello.
‪There we go.
‪-Perfect. There we go.
‪-[chuckles]
‪[romantic music playing]
‪[Jonasi] Mmm.
‪You look gorgeous.
‪[chuckles]
‪Thank you.
‪I wouldn't be looking this good
‪if it wasn't for you
‪buying this outfit for me.
‪Oh?
‪[grunts]
‪This place is beautiful. [chuckles]
‪[Jonasi] Mmm.
‪You know. I've never had someone
‪book a whole restaurant
‪just for us to eat.
‪[chuckles]
‪Thank you.
‪I really enjoy spoiling my women.
‪[chuckles]
‪-[phone chiming]
‪-[typing]
‪The sommelier didn't mention
‪where the wine was produced.
‪[clicks tongue] It comes from an area
‪that has limestone deposits.
‪which gives the grapes a distinct taste.
‪-Mpume! Mpume. give me back my phone.
‪-Mister…
‪-[Jonasi] Mmm.
‪-You know everything. [chuckles]
‪There's a lot more I want to learn.
‪-You should just get closer to me.
‪-[laughs]
‪[Mpume] "I can't wait to run my hands
‪between your warm thighs."
‪Disgusting. Are you seeing an older man?
‪-Lindani. [laughs]
‪-He's not older. Give me back my phone.
‪How old is he?
‪Just a young. 45-year-old man.
‪I beg your pardon?
‪What? Jeez.
‪Give me back my phone.
‪You know.
‪people always tell me about three…
‪-…some?
‪-Uh-uh. [laughs]
‪Oh. oh. oh. oh.
‪Three and five-course meals.
‪-Uh-huh.
‪-Not seven.
‪Oh. that's nothing.
‪There's a place I want to take you to
‪in Stellenbosch.
‪-In Cape Town?
‪-Cape Town.
‪[chuckles]
‪However. they-- they serve 11 courses.
‪No way. [chuckles] My stomach would burst
‪-with that much food.
‪-Oh.
‪-Do you know what's about to burst?
‪-What?
‪-You know what's gonna burst? [laughs]
‪-[laughs]
‪Now. what about X?
‪Oh. come on.
‪It's still a talking stage.
‪It's not that serious.
‪X and I are also fine. Wow.
‪What is there to talk about
‪with a 45-year-old?
‪Talking stage? Take your phone.
‪I don't know what it is.
‪but I like how troublesome you are.
‪[chuckles] I haven't even started.
‪Here's something we haven't tried.
‪Taste this.
‪Uh-huh. Put it here.
‪[moans. sucks]
‪See what you do to me?
‪-[laughs. gasps]
‪-You feel that?
‪You feel what you're doing to me?
‪Where's the Life Orientation book?
‪You know. LO.
‪Let's learn about serious things.
‪[chuckles]
‪[chuckling] Mr. Gomora. please stop.
‪Uh-uh. uh-uh. uh-uh.
‪Call me J.
‪[breathes heavily]
‪-[Lindani] Baby.
‪-[Xolani] Hmm?
‪[Lindani] Tell me.
‪Do you ever imagine us
‪getting out of Soweto?
‪Living in the suburbs?
‪Oh. yes. That time is. uh. coming.
‪And you'll take me out
‪to fancy restaurants.
‪And we'll book the whole restaurant
‪just for you and me only
‪and then drink all kinds of wines
‪and eat 11-course meals.
‪Then what?
‪We come home to an empty fridge?
‪Honestly. that doesn't make sense.
‪Babe. I just think
‪you're not dreaming big enough.
‪Don't you want us to leave Soweto?
‪I was born here.
‪and I'm definitely not gonna die here.
‪All I'm saying is that don't compare
‪yourself to the rich kids at school.
‪This is home.
‪But. baby. don't you want a house with
‪a pool so we can swim when it gets hot?
‪Live in a penthouse?
‪Drink wine.
‪[Mpume] Superstar. you're my fighter.
‪You should know me by now.
‪I told you I could do it.
‪I am a superstar. [chuckles]
‪I'll bring you your drink. [gasps]
‪J.
‪J what?
‪[inhales sharply]
‪Just look at you. hmm?
‪-You're dressed like that in my house?
‪-[breathes shakily]
‪This is not just your house.
‪It belongs to Joyce as well.
‪What if she walks in on us?
‪What will she do then?
‪Who do you think you're talking to?
‪I'm not one of your friends.
‪I'm sorry for being disrespectful.
‪It's just that…
‪[stammers] I'm just a bit afraid.
‪Don't be scared.
‪What are you scared of?
‪Huh?
‪-[breathes heavily. grunts]
‪-Don't be… be afraid.
‪Don't panic.
‪We're just talking. you and I.
‪Right?
‪Yes. sir.
‪Yeah.
‪-[inhales] Oh. damn.
‪-[breathes shakily]
‪[chuckles]
‪[sighs]
‪[grunts]
‪-[grunts]
‪-Yeah?
‪Listen.
‪I leave for Durban soon.
‪I would love for you to join me.
‪Um…
‪-[stammers] Yeah. I'd love to join you.
‪-Oh. really?
‪I've never been to Durban.
‪-Oh. is it?
‪-Yes.
‪Okay. Tell you what.
‪-Listen.
‪-Yeah.
‪I'm a grown man.
‪You're a grown-up too. right?
‪Yes.
‪We're not going there to play
‪hide-and-seek or cat-and-mouse. right?
‪We're… We're not gonna play hide-and-seek.
‪-We won't?
‪-Yeah.
‪[door slams]
‪-[inhales]
‪-[Menzi humming]
‪Well. thank you for the juice. Mr. Gomora.
‪-All right. no worries.
‪-Menzi.
‪-Hi.
‪[Menzi chuckles]
‪Dad.
‪Son.
‪-Yes.
‪-Mmm.
‪[Mpume] I hope you've got everything.
‪Don't forget your ID. Lindan.
‪[chuckles]
‪-[exclaims]
‪-[upbeat music playing]
‪-[chuckles]
‪-Wow! Unbelievable.
‪-Thank you. my friend. for picking me up.
‪-[music stops]
‪Are you sure
‪he's not taking advantage of you?
‪Take advantage of who?
‪Me? Mpume. he's taking me
‪to Durban for a vacation.
‪He loves me and respects me.
‪[imitating Lindani]
‪He loves and respects me.
‪[normal voice] If he's "perfect." Lindan.
‪what does he want with a young girl?
‪Mpume. some things you'll only understand
‪when you're older.
‪When you're fully a woman.
‪I don't want to understand.
‪-Disgusting.
‪-So what do they eat in Durban?
‪-Everything.
‪-Mmm.
‪You know when I say everything.
‪I mean everything.
‪There's this. uh. holiday house
‪my father used to take us to in Durban.
‪Your father has a holiday house?
‪I didn't tell you?
‪-[music resumes]
‪-No.
‪You did not.
‪["Imoto" playing]
‪[gasps]
‪It's so beautiful.
‪Mmm.
‪-[sighs] It's beautiful. [giggles]
‪-Mmm.
‪It feels like heaven.
‪-Oh.
‪-[giggles]
‪That's where we're going.
‪Hmm?
‪[chuckles]
‪Let me go see what's outside.
‪My goodness.
‪This place is really beautiful.
‪[laughs]
‪-[sighs]
‪-[Jonasi] Yes. Let's go and see.
‪[seagulls squawking]
‪Come on now.
‪Get out of there.
‪[Lindani chuckles]
‪Sorry. I was enjoying the water.
‪Leave the water alone.
‪Come choose here what you'd like to eat
‪from the menu.
‪-[sighs]
‪-Mmm.
‪[Mpume] ‪Mmm…
‪Our holiday house
‪comes with a private chef.
‪There's a burger he introduced me to.
‪It is called. um. Wagyu with foie gras.
‪It has foie gras?
‪What the hell is foie gras?
‪-It's French.
‪-Hmm?
‪-Oh. I know what I want to eat.
‪-Ah?
‪Does this menu have
‪a Wagyu burger with foie gras?
‪What do you know about Wagyu burgers?
‪And foie gras? [chuckles]
‪-Oh. please. I know a thing or two.
‪-Mmm.
‪You know there's more options on that menu
‪and plenty of food to choose from
‪than just your burger.
‪-I see that now.
‪-Mm-hmm.
‪What are you having for a starter?
‪Oh. for starters?
‪[chuckles]
‪[tense music playing]
‪I see sweet corn here. Maybe…
‪[scoffs]
‪Okay.
‪[Lindani] Don't worry.
‪Everything will go well today.
‪You are thee Gomora after all.
‪You make things happen.
‪[scoffs]
‪[chuckles]
‪[Lindani chuckles]
‪Go or you'll be late. [chuckles]
‪[chuckles]
‪[door opens]
‪-[door closes]
‪-[squeals. laughs]
‪["iMali" playing]
‪[chuckles]
‪Oh.
‪[phone buzzing]
‪-[music ends]
‪-Listen.
‪[Jonasi sighs]
‪Put this on for me.
‪Why don't you put it on?
‪Oh. but this underwear is--
‪Just put it on.
‪Don't you want to make me happy?
‪Hmm?
‪Don't you want to make Daddy happy?
‪I do.
‪Then go.
‪[sighs]
‪[phone buzzing]
‪Do you like it?
‪Come here.
‪[both breathing heavily]
‪So what's that?
‪Oh.
‪No.
‪These are things
‪I want us to have fun with.
‪But only if you're comfortable with it.
‪If you feel like it's enough.
‪I'll stop.
‪Are you ready?
‪Yeah.
‪Just a little… [inhales]
‪…game for us to play.
‪Yeah.
‪[Lindani moans]
‪[both breathing heavily]
‪[Lindani]
‪Mpume. my legs were constantly in the air.
‪-[chattering]
‪-I left Soweto a sweet little girl.
‪You know?
‪And I came back a fully grown woman.
‪-Uh. hold on. does he have a big belly…
‪-[exhales]
‪-…that hides his machine?
‪-No. no. no. His machine?
‪His machine really works.
‪It works in the morning.
‪during the day. and at night.
‪Morning. during the day.
‪and night. It works--
‪So your phone does work?
‪You've been ignoring me all weekend.
‪-Xolani. give me my phone.
‪-Just wait a minute.
‪-I wasn't ignoring you.
‪-Piss off. Lindani.
‪-Give me. my--
‪-Actually. you're full of shit.
‪You think I'm a fool.
‪I'm not. I was with Mpume
‪the whole weekend doing an assignment.
‪Fuck that assignment shit.
‪Let's see who you've been talking to.
‪-Xolani. my phone.
‪-Just wait. Give me a minute.
‪Xolani!
‪Xolani.
‪[Lindani] I have the right thing for you.
‪-Let me take it out for you.
‪-Wow.
‪Let me plug you.
‪You carry panties around in your bag?
‪When you go to Bonginkosi wearing this…
‪What the fuck is this?
‪And something you ladies should know
‪is if you don't put out. he won't stay.
‪[both moaning]
‪[Mpume] Bongs would never cheat on me.
‪He's nothing like my dad.
‪[Lindani cackles] Girl.
‪you're absolutely right.
‪Your father is something else.
‪-[moaning]
‪-[breathing heavily]
‪[retching]
‪-[Mpume] Oh. no! Lindani.
‪-[vomiting]
‪[Xolani] Is it mine?
‪How can you even ask me
‪something like that. Xolan?
‪You think I haven't noticed
‪your shady behavior of late?
‪You're always at Mpume's every weekend.
‪Now I'm trying to process everything.
‪Look. you know me better than anyone.
‪You know what type of man I am.
‪I know.
‪If I have to be responsible
‪for this child. I will.
‪What I need you to do is
‪look me in the eyes
‪and swear on your mother's life
‪that it's mine.
‪Please.
‪Who else could this child belong to?
‪[sighs]
‪I hope those 11-course meals
‪were worth it.
‪-Xolani.
‪-Mm-mmm.
‪-[Jonasi] Don't cry. baby girl. Don't cry.
‪-[Lindani sobbing]
‪You know what they say.
‪a child-- a child is a blessing.
‪No matter how messy the situation is.
‪Uh-uh. Uh-uh. Uh-uh. Uh-uh.
‪I don't want to see you crying again.
‪We'll work it out.
‪How will we work it out?
‪Look.
‪I'll get you a nanny
‪to help you with the baby.
‪So that you can carry on with school.
‪Don't worry. you'll be fine.
‪This is a blessing.
‪[tape rewinds]
‪["Me & The OG" playing]
‪You brought me to a club?
‪[chuckles]
‪I thought I'd surprise you…
‪-Wow.
‪-…'cause you always do nice things for me.
‪[chuckles]
‪You. you're crazy.
‪-Me? I'm crazy?
‪-Yes.
‪What do you mean I'm crazy?
‪Hmm?
‪Can't you tell?
‪No.
‪[hip-hop music playing]
‪[chuckles]
‪[gasps]
‪[moaning]
‪-[tense music playing]
‪-[footsteps approaching]
‪-[moans]
‪-[coughs]
‪[Menzi hyperventilating]
‪[Jonasi] ‪You know she's a sweet girl.
‪Yes.
‪Don't be so scared.
‪You're such a coward. my boy.
‪Huh?
‪And you're giving up on that?
‪[hyperventilating]
‪[Menzi] ‪She-- She has a boyfriend.
‪Listen here.
‪What's the old saying. brother?
‪[both] You find a partner
‪from someone else.
‪-[Jonasi] ‪Exactly.
‪-[Magesh] ‪Take her from him.
‪[Jonasi] ‪Take her from him.